now we design the events list UI. Here's my requirement.
1. The hierarchy is: Main list -> Days list -> events list

2. Main list contains mutiple days. Every Day contians mutiple events. Between 2 events, there can be a route.

3. Main list is the outermost layer. The UI is a rectangle, On the top left shows the trip.title. On the top right, there is a Overflow Menu, inside the menu there is 2 options: add a day, delete a day. Under the trip tile, is the list of days.

4. UI shows a day in a big rounded rectangle。 On top left of the rectangle, there is a big circle, and text in the circle: "day 1". The day card contains the events of the day.

5. Every Day are in different backgroud color, and the color of the event in the day should match the color theme of the day. 
   For example: Day1: Blue  {event1: baby blue, event2: sky blue, event3: dark blue}
                Day2: Green {event4: light green, event5: pea green}

6. User can fold or unfold a day. When user folds a day, the day card should only show the circle, and a single string, concatenated by the titles of the events in the day.

7. The UI of a event contains 3 parts. From left to right, first part shows the start time and end time of the event. Arrange the 2 times vertically. The second part is a small circle, the text inside the circle, is the first character of the event's title. This is the indicator of the event.  The 3rd part is a string, this shows the location name of the event. These 3 parts makes the header of the event.

8. The body of the event is folded by default. When user unfold the event, the body will show the detail fields of the event.

9. User can edit the details of the event. There should be a Overflow menu for all events, including options like "edit event", "delete event".

10. Backend api do not return days. It only returns a list of events, ordered by event.day_index, event.start_time. So the day UI is all computed by frontend. 

11. A route is the transportation between 2 events. User can add a route between 2 adjacent events. 

12. The UI of the route is a downward arrow, the arrow shows the events from and to. On the right of the arrow, shows the duration, distance, mode of the route.

13. User can edit, delete a route, or ask backend for map navigation apis. So a route shold also have a overflow menu.